0x07. Python - Test-driven development
Testing is the process of evaluating a system or its component(s) with the intent to find whether it satisfies the specified requirements or not. Testing is executing a system in order to identify any gaps, errors, or missing requirements contrary to the actual requirements. This tutorial will give you a basic understanding of software testing, its types, methods, levels, and other related terminologies.

Code that is not tested can’t be trusted

Bad reputation
“Testing is Too Expensive”: Pay less for testing during software development => pay more for maintenance or correction later. Early testing saves both time and cost in many aspects. However, reducing the cost without testing may result in improper design of a software application, rendering the product useless.
“Testing is Time-Consuming”: Testing is never a time-consuming process. However diagnosing and fixing the errors identified during proper testing is a time-consuming but productive activity.
“Only Fully Developed Products are Tested”: No doubt, testing depends on the source code but reviewing requirements and developing test cases is independent from the developed code. However, iterative or incremental approaches to a development life cycle model may reduce the requirement of testing on the fully developed software.
“Complete Testing is Possible”: It becomes an issue when a client or tester thinks that complete testing is possible. It is possible that all paths have been tested by the team but occurrence of complete testing is never possible. There might be some scenarios that are never executed by the test team or the client during the software development life cycle and may be executed once the project has been deployed.
“A Tested Software is Bug-Free”: No one can claim with absolute certainty that a software application is 100% bug-free even if a tester with superb testing skills has tested the application.
“Testers are Responsible for Quality of Product”: It is a very common misinterpretation that only testers or the testing team should be responsible for product quality. Testers’ responsibilities include the identification of bugs to the stakeholders and then it is their decision whether they will fix the bug or release the software. Releasing the software at the time puts more pressure on the testers, as they will be blamed for any error.
“Test Automation should be used wherever possible to Reduce Time”: Yes, it is true that Test Automation reduces the testing time, but it is not possible to start test automation at any time during software development. Test automaton should be started when the software has been manually tested and is stable to some extent. Moreover, test automation can never be used if requirements keep changing.
